# Reading

- [Getting Started](getting-started/ "Getting Started"): Documentation on what the class is about, what we will be covering, and what you need to have to be ready.
- [Browsers](browsers/ "Browsers"): The window to the web. Browsers are how we access web pages, and play a pivotal role not just in the display of web pages, but in the development of the technologies that make them.
- [HTML](html/ "HTML"): "HyperText Markup Language". HTML forms the basic structure of the web, and provides what many consider to be the web's most important feature: linking. It's a markup language, not a programming language, but that makes it no less important or difficult to master.
- [CSS](css/ "CSS"): "Cascading Style Sheets". HTML says what a webpage is, CSS says how is looks. To master CSS, you must master the cascade, and learning how to structure projects becomes paramount.
- [Javascript](javascript/ "Javascript"): The web's go-to client-side programming language. Javascript is a flexible, powerful, easy to use language. But in that flexibility comes danger, and one must quickly learn how to make performant, scalable, effective Javascript.
- [Cross Platform Development](cross-platform/ "Cross Platform Development"): The web is increasingly mobile, and while native applications are a popular path for a product, a web experience is often the best way to go. It's therefore important to learn how to go about making quality mobile websites, and to learn what is means to be accessible to everyone.
- [Maintainability](maintainability/ "Maintainability"): Websites have a long shelf life. Increasingly, it is important to build your websites for the long term. There are many methods for maintaining websites, and learning even a few can be the difference between an easy update cycle and the worst development project imaginable.